hello everyone when i put the taps and
then grind them in order not to
scratch the heel itself be it
painted or leather-covered java
I tape with adhesive tape for this I use us
and scotch either 18 millimeters wide or
take
wide and cut it in order for it
cut there are several technologies 1
the simple one is rather laborious i take
lining of that thickness
to which I need to cut iron on
new knife and so turning it around
Scotch tape roll Well, it turns out pretty
sure but long laborious
Now I will show the second option
which i have been using lately
mean for that i use my
wood lathe and
ordinary shoe knife scotch roll i
I clamp on the machine on the lathe chuck
Vrazhin fists what to do if not
lathe with chuck well then
you need at least a drill
and the drill should be power
somewhere in from five hundred to seven hundred usually
the mechanics of their drills allows you to give
such loads are very much taken from wood
cut a circle drill and take
trimming threaded stud 3 guy and and a couple
washers two more nuts on return the back and
hold together then put on the part and
hold 3 why 2 so in the process how
you will grind
you have not started all this construction
screwed on studs
means to clamp the drill somehow to
workbench
here with clamps or where to make
fixtures and holding your cartridge
harvesting and pre-made
some kind of handler can be like that
principle a piece of doses and
it is a hole for the structure to press it to
the table and the usual chisel machin
made this item round
here I already machined the disc put on him
Scotch here is one thing boring
wear so that he was on edge
rotation
otherwise when you will cut you put on
and consider the roll and now you can
cut
here is ready the second ring like this
uncomplicated method you can cut the tape on
strips of width 8 10 millimeters and
use it to protect the heel when
turning and when painting on this on
today everything
go to my channel rate my
work like likes subscribe and
all up to new videos